Add test on search option (#2357)
infiniflow/infinity: docs/references/pysdk_api_reference.md

  - `error_code`: `int` A non-zero value indicating a specific error condition.
  - `error_msg`: `str` A message providing additional details about the error.

#### Examples

```python
# Output result sorted by `c2` expression in ascending order, and `c1` expression in descending order
table_obj.output(["c1", "c2"]).sort([["c2", SortType.Asc], ["c1", SortType.Desc]]).to_df()
```

---

### limit

```python
table_object.limit(limit_num)
```

Creates a limit expression to limit the output rows not more than `limit_num`.

#### Parameters

##### limit_num: `int`, *Required*

An integer indicating the limit row count.

#### Returns

- Success: An `infinity.local_infinity.table.LocalTable` object in embedded mode or an `infinity.remote_thrift.table.RemoteTable` object in client-server mode.
- Failure: `InfinityException`
  - `error_code`: `int` A non-zero value indicating a specific error condition.
  - `error_msg`: `str` A message providing additional details about the error.

#### Examples

```python
# Limit the output row count not more than 2
table_instance.output(["num", "vec"]).limit(2).to_pl()
```

---

### offset

```python
table_object.limit(limit_num).offset(offset_value)
```

> Must combine with limit expression, it will create a limit expression with offset value to limit the output rows not more than `limit_num` start from `offset_value`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a limit expression with an offset value, setting the output to start from `offset_value` and limiting the row count to a maximum of `limit_num`. This method must be used in conjunction with `limit()`.
```
